A lion is an animal
`Tom and Jerry` is an animated movie
august is the last month we enjoy our summer hodiday before going back to school
I prefer enjoying my holiday on the beach
I always use my bike to go to school everyday
biology is a subject that involves the study of living organisms
I feel bored of watching this movie many times
Vincom is going to build a submarine this year
Camp is a place you go with your friends to enjoy mashmallow, tents
Chemistry is a subject which involves study about element and make explosion
I often go to the cinema to enjoy movies
Everest is big moutain which encourage many people to climb it up
I often go shopping to buy clothes
I have never taken a cup of coffee before
Comedy is a type of movie which make people laugh when they watch
Quantumn computer has now been one of the most potential fields for scientists
On the morning of the 25th december, children will receive the present from the Santa Claus
`The Soviet Story` is one of the documentary films made in 2008 about World War 2
`Bo Gia` is one the most outstanding drama film directed by F.F.Coppola
I find english is a easy to learn language but hard to master
I feel very excited about the up coming trip to the hometown
You can see the foggy weather only in the London city
World Cup 2018 is an international football competition
Don't forget to sleep the computer after you have completed this test
Geography is a subject that involves study about land, city and people
It is a challenge for everyone to hike this mountain
We can be proud of the history of battling against imperialist countries of Vietnam
I feel terrified when watching horror movie
Riding a horse can be a good hobby, especially for cowboy
Remember to bring the jacket when you go out. It's very cold outside
Using the library is a good way to learn
There is a little sugar left in the refrigerator. Do you want some for your tea?
Some microphones are attached to the camrecorder in order to make it easier to record video
I just bought a new mobile phone. The old one has broken down.
I haven't seen you online recently. What happen?
The color orange has the hex code of #FFA500
You will need a password to protect your account
It's raining outside. Don't go out with the umbrella
Don't swim in the river. It's very dangerous
If you went to sleep sooner yesterday, you wouldn't be tired now
It's snowing outside. We'd better take the shover
You can buy somegood argicultural products in the supermarket
Unfortunately, we can't go swimming this weekend due to the maintance of the pool
Let's put off the tent and start the camp fire
Juuni is twelve in Japan
Volleyball helps you grow up your height
You need to warm up yourself before taking any exercises
Don't whisper to me. Say it out loud for everyone to hear
Chopping the wood could cause dangerous threats to the environment
The rgb number of yellow is rgb(255,255,0)
